on the outskirts of the kingdom near the
astral Academy a thief carried out her
cunning plan she had learned of an
ancient object of tremendous value the
astral Academy left to rot in the face
of the terrible enemy had no one to keep
the treasure safe the time was right
everything was perfect she had made her
way to the castle and would soon lay her
hands on the treasures she so desired
the gentle moon smiled at the thief as
she made her way towards the shrine of
ancient treasure strangely the
protective charms around the shrine
allowed her to enter unharmed it wasn't
as the thief lay her hand on the
treasure she had a tingling sensation
the beef would soon discover that fate
had taken hold of her unknown to the
thief a wizard was just waking up the
wizard had taken a look in the spyglass
and seen the terrible undead army he was
keen not to die by my trousers I must
escape he had been studying the Stars
and trying hard to learn the elusive
fireball spell that all Wizards ought to
know of course that was a lie for you
see the wizard had a certain reputation
with the ladies
what he had really been up to was the
creation of a fake fireball potion that
would have impressed the ladies and
improved his status the potion had
backfired causing a fortnight of sleep
the wizard sword a glimmering light
coming from the shrine no one had been
able to visit it for centuries because
of the ancient magic protecting whatever
lay inside hmm my darling why the
painful look on such an pretty face what
is this object you're holding on to how
did you get here the wizard touched the
thief's hand and then the object his
hand got stuck what kind of trickery is
this for once the wizard was more
interested in magic than anything else
he was also afraid for his dear life but
there was someone nearby who welcomed a
challenge at the other end of the Astra
Academy a knight had been practicing his
own skills to battle the undead and
proved himself worthy of joining the
king's army between me and you he did
not quite understand what undead meant
but this was his chance to be the
bravest knight of all the night felt it
was his duty to protect us the astral
Academy during this time of despair he
was on the lookout for anything unusual
oh oh what's going on Oh what's this
the Knights or a faint light coming from
the age-old shrine could there be a
thief was this the night day of honor he
had sworn an oath to himself to protect
the shrine and the Academy nothing could
stand in his way what's going on the
night joined in taking a firm grip of
the object third side in a way that only
a mighty warrior can oh no this doesn't
bode well what does a bold well
there was a flash of light and the
wizard the thief and the night simply
disappeared